docs: cairo execution trace (#214)
lambdaclass/lambdaworks_stark_platinum: docs/src/starks/cairo_trace_descriptive.md

described in the previous section is aggregated to build a main trace table.
In the second stage, there is an interaction with the verifier to add some extension
columns to the main trace.

### Main trace construction

The layout of the main execution trace is as follows:
```
 A.  flags     (16): Decoded instruction flags
 B.  res       (1): Res value
 C.  pointers  (2): Temporary memory pointers (ap and fp)
 D.  mem_a     (4): Memory addresses (pc, dst_addr, op0_addr, op1_addr)
 E.  mem_v     (4): Memory values (inst, dst, op0, op1)
 F.  offsets   (3)  : (off_dst, off_op0, off_op1)
 G.  derived   (3)  : (t0, t1, mul)

 A                B C  D    E    F   G
|xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx|x|xx|xxxx|xxxx|xxx|xxx|
```
Each letter from A to G represents some subsection of columns, and the number specifies how many
columns correspond to that subsection.

#### Cairo instructions 
It is important to have in mind the information that each executed Cairo instruction holds, since it
is a key component of the construction of the execution trace. For a detailed explanation of how the
building components of the instruction interact to change the VM state, refer to the Cairo

> whitepaper, sections 4.4 and 4.5.

Reviewer: I would add a link to the paper here

Luckily, we can know the new expected value on the verifier, since we have access to the public memory. Even more, it's this fact that enables the verifier to check the memory is an extension of the public memory. 

The math is quite straightforward. When the memory was the same, we expected a final value $ p_{n-1} = 1 $. This came from two cumulative products that should equal, one from the unordered pairs, and one from the ordered ones.

Now, adding zeros to one side and the real values to the other unbalances the cumulative products, so the verifier will need to balance it by dividing $ p_{n-1} $ by the extra factors that appeared with the addition of the public memory. Doing so will make the final value $ 1 $ again.

Since they only depend on the public memory, the verifier has enough data to recalculate them and use them. Even more, if the prover lies, the equality that the verifier is expecting won't hold.

In reality, instead of dividing and expecting the result to equal to $ 1 $, we can just check the equality against the new expected value, and avoid doing that inversion.

All of this is explained in section 9.8 of the Cairo paper. 

#### Trace extension / Padding

> The last step is padding the trace to a power of two for efficiency. We may also need to pad the trace if for some reason some unbalance is given by the layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step is padding the trace to a power of two for efficiency. We may also need to pad the trace to balance the layout.
```
